Welcome back.
Gloria's got our people.
Let's go and grab.
Got a three point one.
Assuming we're on a P.C. from a Mac you should watch Ben's video on how to download on a Mac.
If you're on Linux it's very similar to the Mac.
P.S. about you know with a different tab talking different tabs let's look at our options.
If I want to grab got a three point one.
There's a couple of questions I want to ask.
I want to ask do I want to get it from gotto engine dot org or steam.
I'll show you both and talk about the pros and cons.
I also want to ask myself Am I going to be using C sharp.
So let's go over to my desktop.
Hello desktop.
And I'm going to open steam his steam.
Currently there's a Sega publisher weekend Halo Sega and I'm sure I've been gotto and press enter in
the search and write the top here got engine free to play for download here I can just use now if it
doesn't say use announced because you haven't already done a lot in the past.
But if I press this and say Oh it's gonna take me two minutes probably take me less than that to be
honest and it'll start downloading.
The advantage here is that we'll update automatically.
It's good to go.
You don't have to do anything.
It'll also download all the example templates which also means that you're downloading more than you
need to.
The disadvantage is that the steam version doesn't get updated as quickly as the main page version.
It takes a few extra days so there's a new big version for instance three point one was officially released
two days ago but it just went live on steam today.
So it has a big version and you're on Steam you might need to wait a little.
A guy is just about done and you can see this is a five hundred and forty four Meg download tiny it's
half a gig for press launch he has got to go and hear all of the demo projects we can use as well as
some templates.
Right.
There's a lot of stuff being downloaded.
Well what if I told you Steve.
Well let's close time let's open browser.
So I'm going to open my browser and right here I've got to go.
Engine dot org and I just want to get a download and it should detect my operating system so it knows
I'm on windows specifically Windows 10 and I have a couple of choices do I want the standard version
that's going to allow me just to write in Judy's script or do I want the Mono version which includes
C sharp if you do want the C sharp version which is recommended if you want to learn C sharp do read
the right the 30 bit mono libraries do not run on a 64 bit Windows system.
So at the time of recording if you have a 64 bit machine you must download the 64 bit Mono version if
you want one.
If you don't want mono you could download the 32 bit if you want.
I don't see the point if you have a 64 bit machine.
You also need to make sure that for the mono build you have M.S. build all right.
So I'm going to get my standard 64 bit version and if I wanted the Linux version I'd go to Linux.
There it is but I don't use the windows because this particular machine is a Windows machine anima hit
64 bit and it can say well your savior will save the desktop go and it's going to take oh it's done.
Now the reason is it's not downloading all those other projects right there's no templates but if I
go over to the zip file this just downloaded right here and I open it.
There's a little EMC you're going to do.
I'm going to copy this and open my actual got a folder which I emptied for the purpose this recording
I want a piece that there and you might be thinking OK so I've got it.
Where's the rest the far right this is 51 Meg.
That's a very small file.
So next up how do we compile this how to get it ready.
And the answer is you don't.
It is ready.
You double click at and he's got it ready to go with all my projects going on.
Which brings me to the challenge.
I'd like you to download.
Got a three point one.
Figure out you really have got an engine or from steam.
Figure out for the C shop do note by the way if you do want to use the Mono version if you want to use
C sharp as a programming language it won't work in steam currently.
So you will have to go through the engine I've provided links for the Gollum engine in the resources
this lecture so post the video download it.
And when you come back we'll wrap this up
and welcome back.
Right.
We've got gateau.
We're ready to go in the next video or at least the next one I'm going to teach.
We're going to introduce ourselves to go to do have a go and learn about variables.
So great stuff and I will see you in the next video.